one way that's helped me to understand my my boss my superiors is to find
a time to sit down with them and and go over what their expectations
are and where we fit into the overall commands mission objectives
lot of times as best done over lunch and sometimes I'll be the one
to initiate that office all set up a time asking Hey would be good
if if you and I can get together over lunch at such and such date and
times that we can discuss you know where we're going with this department
or division where you want to lead it and what our expectations
are of one another and and that kind of takes you out of of of
formal setting and put you in a more informal one where people have
a tendency to open up and be a little more communicated and I've found
that that's kind of work the best for me